the plan would allow future tech
industries to redevelop an x square
block area between 33rd and 39th Street
what's going on it's Scheck he wants to
buy up the whole neighborhood so he can
knock it down and put up a fancy mall
let me assure you change is good
what's wrong with old things some old
things are great
yeah like mrs. Vitello rivers never this
summer
one young hero Arnold was the
neighborhood is torn down and you have
to move away and were separated and we
never seek to forget has got a plan to
save his neighborhood we'll have a
concert the music will be so loud that
we end up on the news
Paramount Pictures and Nickelodeon
movies present a classic story of the
little guy pitted against the corporate
giant Gerald why do you always have to
look on the price somebody has to helga
I love you Idol I've always loved you
ever since I first laid eyes on your
stupid football head Oh perfect and
Arnold this is our neighborhood and
we're not going to give it up without a
fight now they've got 48 hours to take
on the system you're gonna try and save
the neighborhood you're gonna need some
equipment and cut the corporate big
shots down the side take action hang on
dear goodies Kent
we got an neighborhood to say
when you think Adventure
neighborhood is counting on it
good luck boys the movie
you